{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier-Bold;\f4\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww9000\viewh7820\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\qc

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Installation instructions for the \
MIDIMAN MIDISPORT USB MIDI device driver V2.1.2\
for MacOS 10.1\

\f1\b0\fs24 \
2001/10/19\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
This driver supports the following devices:\
\
\pard\tx700\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs28 \'e1 
\fs24 MIDISPORT 1x1\
	
\fs28 \'e1 
\fs24 MIDISPORT 2x2\
	
\fs28 \'e1 
\fs24 MIDISPORT 4x4\
	
\fs28 \'e1 
\fs24 MIDISPORT 8x8\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\
1. Decompress the tarball (
\f2 MIDISPORT-2.1.2.b.MOX.pkg.tar) 
\f1 to create the package 
\f2 MIDISPORT.pkg 
\f1 and this file.\
\
Double-Click on the 
\f2 .tar
\f1  file to create MIDISPORT.pkg and this file using 
\f3\b StuffIt Expander 
\f1\b0 or 
\f3\b OpenUp.app
\f1\b0  (obtainable via 
\f2 www.stepwise.com
\f1 ) or open 
\f3\b Terminal.app
\f1\b0  and run:\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 tar xvf MIDISPORT-2.1.2.b.MOX.pkg.tar
\f1 \
\
to extract 
\f2 MIDISPORT.pkg.
\f1  \
\
2. Double-Click the 
\f2 .pkg
\f1  package, and follow the standard installation operation to install the plugin. When prompted for authorization to install the plugin, click on the lock icon in the lower left corner of the dialog and enter an adminstrator's password. The installer should place the plugin into\

\f2 /Library/Audio/MIDI Drivers/MIDISPORT.plugin
\f1 .\

\f2 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 3. Connect the MIDISPORT device to the USB chain. The status light will 
\f4\i\b not
\f1\i0\b0  glow immediately after connecting, only after the MIDISPORT firmware has been downloaded to the interface.\
\
4. The first time an application attempts to open the MIDI driver, the firmware for the MIDISPORT will be downloaded which will be indicated by its LED labelled "USB" pulsing. Subsequent opening of the device will then use the already downloaded firmware.\
\
5. Copyright  (c) 2001 by Leigh M. Smith <leigh@leighsmith.com>.  All rights reserved. Permission is granted to MIDIMan Inc. to distribute this driver without charge.}