{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier;
\f3\fmodern\fcharset77 Courier-Bold;\f4\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-BoldOblique;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\vieww9000\viewh7820\viewkind0
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\qc

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Installation instructions for the \
MIDIMAN MIDISPORT USB MIDI device driver\
for MacOS X (4K78)\

\f1\b0\fs24 \
Leigh M. Smith\
tomandandy Music Inc.\
<leigh@tomandandy.com>\
\
2001/4/1\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
This driver supports the following devices:\
\
\pard\tx700\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 	
\fs28 \'e1 
\fs24 MIDISPORT 1x1\
	
\fs28 \'e1 
\fs24 MIDISPORT 2x2\
	
\fs28 \'e1 
\fs24 MIDISPORT 4x4\
	
\fs28 \'e1 
\fs24 MIDISPORT 8x8\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
1. Decompress the 
\f2 MIDISPORT-2.0.0.b.MOX.pkg.tar
\f1  tarball to create the package 
\f2 MIDISPORT.pkg 
\f1 and this file.\
\
Either use 
\f3\b OpenUp.app
\f1\b0  (obtainable via www.stepwise.com) or open 
\f3\b Terminal.app
\f1\b0  and run:\
\
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f2 \cf0 tar xvf MIDISPORT-2.0.0.b.MOX.pkg.tar
\f1 \
\
to extract 
\f2 MIDISPORT.pkg.
\f1  It is possible that 
\f3\b StuffIt Expander 
\f1\b0 may also work, however there have been reports of bugs in that applications handing of 
\f2 .tar
\f1  files.\
\
2. Double-Click the package, and follow the standard installation operation to install the plugin. You will be prompted for authorization to install the plugin. The installer should place the plugin into 
\f2 /System/Library/Extensions
\f1 .\

\f2 \
\pard\tx1440\tx2880\tx4320\tx5760\tx7200\ql\qnatural

\f1 \cf0 3. Connect the MIDISPORT2x2 device to the USB chain. The status light will 
\f4\i\b not
\f1\i0\b0  glow immediately after connecting, only after the MIDISPORT firmware has been downloaded to the interface.\
\
4. The first time an application attempts to open the MIDI driver, the firmware for the MIDISPORT will be downloaded which will be indicated by its LED labelled "USB" pulsing. Subsequent opening of the device will then use the already downloaded firmware.\
\
5. A suitable MusicKit application for testing the hardware is 
\f3\b MidiFilePlayback.app 
\f1\b0 or
\f3\b  ScorePlayer.app.
\f1\b0 \
\
6. Unfortunately I cannot yet release the source to the driver since the code is  under Non-Disclosure with MIDIMAN. If you want the source, I suggest you contact MIDIMAN and request it.\
\
7. This driver software is provided by myself and tomandandy music Inc. as is, without warranty of its suitability or performance or correctness for use. You use this driver software at your own risk entirely.\
\
8. I have provided Midiman Inc. with a copy of the source to the driver. At the time of this writing, Midiman are not providing support for this driver and will probably produce their own driver using only portions of the provided code.  Please direct bug reports directly to me, rather than Midiman and be sure that it is my driver you are bug reporting to me!\
\
9. MIDIMAN and MIDISPORT are trademarks of Midiman, Inc.}
