{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2578
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fmodern\fcharset0 Courier;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15080\viewh16140\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 M-Audio MIDISPORT USB \
64-bit MIDI device driver\
for MacOS v10.14+ (Mojave/Catalina/Big Sur)\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This project provides an open source MacOS v10.14/v10.15/v11.2 compatible CoreMIDI device driver for M-Audio's MIDISPORT range of USB MIDI interfaces. This driver supports the following devices:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}MIDISPORT 1x1\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}MIDISPORT 2x2\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}MIDISPORT 4x4\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}MIDISPORT 8x8/S\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}Oxygen 8 Keyboard\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
Other devices which are compatible may also work, although presently, these are the only ones which have been tested. See the disclaimer below before testing this software on any device not listed above.\
\
Many of the MIDISPORT devices need their firmware to be downloaded each time they are plugged into the USB bus. This package does not include the firmware as no agreement with M-Audio currently exists to distribute those files. However, firmware for the original MIDISPORT devices listed above is distributed and available on the web, as part of the Linux driver. This installer will download those files from the web and place them in the correct location on the disk, available for downloading to the MIDISPORTs. Hence you need an Internet connection to properly install the driver.\
\
M-Audio distribute firmware for other MIDISPORT like devices, other than those listed above, with their last v3.5.3 driver. If this installer finds that driver .dmg file in your 
\f2 ~/Downloads
\f1  folder, it will install just the firmware to the correct location on the disk. That driver can be downloaded from {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://mac.softpedia.com/get/Drivers/M-Audio-MIDISport-Series.shtml#download"}}{\fldrslt Softpedia.com}}. If you don't download the M-Audio driver, those firmware files are simply skipped.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 History:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
I originally wrote the first MacOS X version of the MIDISPORT device driver back in 2000 and donated it to M-Audio (then named MIDIMan), as part of a start-up project (tomandandy music inc.) that needed a MIDI device driver running on what was then a pre-release version of MacOS X. M-Audio took the code and updated it many times without giving me back their updated source code. M-Audio now seem to have abandoned the hardware and no longer support their version of the driver since 2009, as their newer devices do not use that driver. With the move by Apple to v10.14 (Mojave), v10.15 (Catalina) and v11.2 (Big Sur) to no longer support 32 bit drivers, I have modified and updated my original code that I originally donated, to now compile as 64 bit versions on these latest MacOS versions, so MIDISPORT owners can continue to support and operate their hardware.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs28 \cf0 Disclaimer:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \
This project has no support from M-Audio, and M-Audio is in no way responsible for this code. In addition, any authors listed in this code are not responsible for the fitness and suitability of purpose, freedom from defects, or behaviour of this software. There is no warranty for this code. It is essential to understand that any software interacting with a piece of hardware can potentially damage it. You therefore use this software at your own risk, and are solely responsible for deciding it's fitness to your purpose. See the LICENSE.txt file for full license and warranty declarations.\
\
MIDISPORT is a trademark, and MIDIMAN is a registered trademark, of the M-Audio and/or MIDIMAN companies.}